Cleaning up legacy behavior section (#5071)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/global-configs/legacy-behaviors.md

## Behaviors

### `source_freshness_run_project_hooks`

If you have specific project [`on-run-start` / `on-run-end`](/reference/project-configs/on-run-start-on-run-end) hooks that should not run before/after `source freshness` command, you can add a conditional check to those hooks:

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yaml
on-run-start:
  - '{{ ... if flags.WHICH != 'freshness' }}'
```
</File>

> You can configure the `dbt source freshness` command to include on-run-start / on-run-end hooks in v1.8 with a planned removal in v1.9. The default value is `True`.

Reviewer: i like adding 'dbt version' initially so it's super clear

```suggestion
You can configure the `dbt source freshness` command to include on-run-start / on-run-end hooks in dbt version 1.8 with a planned removal in dbt version 1.9. The default value is `True`.
```

Author: We use this language throughout our docs. I think it's understood through historical context that v1.# refers to our dbt versions.
